All right we're about to launch our first to instance.
But for this instance forward public is to instance we're going to be using a user data or a startup
script for our easy to instance.
So the purpose of the startup script is to prepare your AC to instance before doing anything else.
So you can simply use the startup script to install some scripts some packages prepare your environment
set some environment variables and so on.
So you can how a whereis uses for the startup script option for easy to.
So in this video we're going to be creating our startup script for our public easy to instance.
So to do that I'm going to create a user data object and within that user data object I'm going to use
the bash shell and provide my startup script to my easy to instance.
So to do that I'm going to open up a string definition like this and then I'm starting off with the
shebang so I can use the bash shell within my easy to instance.
And one thing to note that I'm going to be using Amazon's Elmis for my easy to instance.
So you can simply use any other shell or anything else with the image from A W-S depending on the image
from A W-S.
So in my case I'm using my eyes.
And so let's say big bash and then I'm going to first start off with the update of yum the package manager
on Mei's or Amazon machine images.
So I'm going to say yum update and I'm going to give the argument as yes so that it doesn't prompt me
to ask so it can automatically do the update process and then I'm going to install an HGT piecer in
this easy to instance so that I can start this HGT piecer and then I can put my DML file in there so
I can access my easy to instance.
So let's just install a TTP d 24 and let's also give the flag as yes so it can automatically be installed.
And the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to start the TPD service on my easy to instance.
So let's say service as GTP and start and after that to verify my ETP server is up and running I'm going
to use the check config.
So the C-h k SK can think
and then I'm going to give the h t t P D and to verify it I'm going to say on.
And the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to provide my t m l file.
So to put my SJM all file in there I'm going to simply say Ekho and then I'm going to start giving my
a CML file.
So I'll start my ASTM L bracket.
And then of course I'm going to give it a body and within that body I'm going to have a header of that
one.
And within that header I'm going to say hello from both all three using Python.
And it's an exclamation mark there and then I'm going to simply say this is going to be a Balwant let's
just say this guy is bald and I'm going to wrap it up with the B.Tech from a DML and.
All right.
So the next thing is to close everything up and go back to business.
So let's first close the H1 tag and after that list is close by the tech and the last thing is to close
the DML track.
All right.
And what I'm going to do now is I'm going to put this echo statement put this file to an actual DML
file.
All right.
So to do that what I'm going to do is I'm going to let's just remove this guy and let's put it there.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to give the reader sign and then I'm asking for the interpreter to
put this content to an actual DML file.
So former H.T. TPD server to work by default.
I'm going to go to war w w w and then I'm going to say this is under a DML and then I'll say Index dot
h t m l.
So this is basically everything I need to do to provide my startup script to my easy to instance.
All right let's go over our startup script for one more time and see what we've done here in this script.
We're using the best shell and we indicated that with the Shabak slash bin and slash Bash.
And after that we had a quick update to our machine with the package manager for all the packages inside
the machine coming from Amazon image.
And after that we install the HTP d 24 library from the repository.
And after that we started the HTP dieser on our easy to instance.
And when we finished with that we had a check.
Can't fake it for H.T. TPD as if it is on or not.
So when we checked out our TPD server we echoed our A I'll file a stream of fat content to a file under
war slash w w w slash h t M-L slash index that HMO.
So we're going to be using this user data as our startup script on our easy to instance on our Public
easy to instance.
So to actually launch our public easy to instance I'll be seeing you on the next video.